Add Marketplace readme (#41600)
woocommerce/woocommerce: plugins/woocommerce-admin/client/marketplace/README.md

# Marketplace

> This folder contains the components used in the Marketplace page.

Reviewer: While we know and call this the marketplace, I don't recall it being written on the menu or pages. I'd put instead 
```suggestion
This folder contains the components used in the Marketplace page  (WooCommerce -> Extensions) .
```

The page contains two parts, the Woo.com marketplace and a list of products that the user purchased.

## Marketplace

> - **Discover**: This tab contains the featured extensions and themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Discover**: This tab contains a cureated list of extensions and themes.
```

- **Browse**: This tab contains the list of all the extensions.
- **Themes**: This tab contains the list of all the themes.
- **Search**: This tab contains the search results.

### Marketplace API

> The data for the Discover section is fetched from the `/wc/v3/marketplace/featured` endpoint.

Reviewer: Isn't this also coming from wccom? It seems to call https://woocommerce.com/wp-json/wccom-extensions

Reviewer 2: Yes, ultimately the data is fetched from WCCOM. But we hit the store endpoint and it behaves as a proxy to cache and serve the content to the page.

Themes, extensions, and search results are fetched directly from Woo.com.

## My Subscriptions

> This tab contains the list of all the extensions and themes that the user has purchased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tab contains the list of all the extensions and themes that the user has purchased from the Woo.com Marketplace
```

The list is fetched from Woo.com and allows shop owners to install, update, and connect products.
If a subscription is expired, the user will be prompted to renew it.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The user needs to connect the site to their Woo.com account to be able to do any of the mentioned actions.

```

Reviewer: User / shop owner / ...

Reviewer 2: or a merchant?

Reviewer: Yap - merchant seems more accurate !

### My Subscriptions API

My Subscriptions data uses `/wc/v3/marketplace/subscriptions` API endpoints to list, install, connect, and update products.
A full list of endpoints can be found in the [subscriptions API source code](/plugins/woocommerce/includes/admin/helper/class-wc-helper-subscriptions-api.php).

## Project Structure

The project is structured as follows:

- **components**: Contains the React components used in the Marketplace page.
- **contexts**: Contains the React contexts used in the Marketplace page.
- **utils**: Contains the functionalities used in the Marketplace page to interact with APIs.
- **stylesheets**: Contains the shared stylesheets used in the Marketplace page.
- **assets**: Contains the images used in the Marketplace page.

## Development

> This feature is part of WooCommerce Admin and uses the [same development environment.](/plugins/woocommerce-admin/README.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This feature is part of WooCommerce Admin and uses the [same development environment.](/plugins/woocommerce-admin/README.md)

```

Needs a trailing LF.

Reviewer 3: NM, you got it!
